RFC: vo_gpu: adjust interpolation_threshold's default (#8662)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

``--interpolation-threshold=<0..1,-1>``
    Threshold below which frame ratio interpolation gets disabled (default:
    ``0.01``). This is calculated as ``abs(disphz/vfps - 1) < threshold``,
    where ``vfps`` is the speed-adjusted video FPS, and ``disphz`` the
    display refresh rate. (The speed-adjusted video FPS is roughly equal to
    the normal video FPS, but with slowdown and speedup applied. This matters
    if you use ``--video-sync=display-resample`` to make video run synchronously
    to the display FPS, or if you change the ``speed`` property.)

    The default is intended to enable interpolation in scenarios where

>     retiming with ``--video-sync-max-video-change`` cannot change adjust the

Reviewer: [...] where ``display-resample``'s retiming (... somehow mention the setting here?) cannot adjust the speed of [...]

    speed of the video sufficiently for smooth playback. For example if a
    video is 60.00 FPS and your display is 59.94 Hz, interpolation will

>     never be activated, since the mis-match is handled by retiming the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    never be activated, since the mismatch is handled by retiming the video.
```

``--interpolation-threshold=<0..1,-1>``
    Threshold below which frame ratio interpolation gets disabled (default:
    ``0.01``). This is calculated as ``abs(disphz/vfps - 1) < threshold``,
    where ``vfps`` is the speed-adjusted video FPS, and ``disphz`` the
    display refresh rate. (The speed-adjusted video FPS is roughly equal to
    the normal video FPS, but with slowdown and speedup applied. This matters
    if you use ``--video-sync=display-resample`` to make video run synchronously
    to the display FPS, or if you change the ``speed`` property.)

    The default is intended to enable interpolation in scenarios where

>     retiming with the ``--video-sync=display-*`` cannot adjust the speed of

Reviewer: I thought only `display-resample` does that?
What does "retiming" here refer to anyway? :thinking:

Author: All `display-*` options will retime video according to `--video-sync-max-video-change`. The difference is in how they sync to the display. 

See [here:](https://mpv.io/manual/master/#options-video-sync-max-video-change)
>Maximum speed difference in percent that is applied to video with --video-sync=display-... (default: 1).

    the video sufficiently for smooth playback. For example if a video is
    60.00 FPS and your display refresh rate is 59.94 Hz, interpolation will
    never be activated, since the mismatch is within 1% of the refresh

>     rate. The default also handles the scenario when mpv cannot determine the

Reviewer: Not sure if the example should be here, also I think the premise "live stream => no container fps" does not necessarily hold true.
(plus the linked issue was initially reproduced with live stream _recordings_)

Author: I don't think I'm implying that only live streams experience this, but yes I can reword it
